doc: add PLUGIN.md (#28)
revault/miradord: doc/PLUGIN.md

# Plugin API

> `Miradord` makes use of external plugins to define and enforce spend
> policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`miradord` makes use of external plugins to define its re-vaulting policy (decide whether to broadcast a Cancel transaction for a given Unvault).
```

1. The plugins don't enforce the policy, the watchtower does by broadcasting the Cancel
2. It's not really a spend policy, and it's hard to define. So i think a good way to describe is by going the opposite way: the "Cancel policy".

Reviewer: I think it's worth expanding on the design before going on with the specifics of each call.

> The plugin process is kept super simple.
> The watchtower expects to be able to start a given plugin as a child process. It must therefore be executable (whether it is a binary or, say, a script with a shebang). The path to the executable must be set in the configuration file. Additional configuration specific to the plugin may be specified in `miradord`'s configuration file. It will be passed to the plugin upon every request.
> The watchtower will start the child process, write JSON to its `stdin`, read a JSON response from its `stdout` and then wait for the process to terminate.
> The watchtower may poll more than one plugin. In this case it will only let an Unvault go through if none of the plugins told it to broadcast the Cancel transaction.

## Hooks

> ### `new_block`

Reviewer: I think we should rename it to `new_tip`. I think `new_block` is confusing as it gives the wrong impression that we would somehow send them all the new blocks.

Reviewer: Or maybe even something else.

Author: we will chang it in another PR https://github.com/revault/miradord/blob/580a0a305c2bd9f3fb0fd2a90893d363e29b34f0/src/plugins.rs#L129 with the code change

> Every block the watchtower is calling the plugins which paths are in the
> configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon notifying a new block chain tip, if the state of vaults under watch changed, `miradord` will call into every plugin with information about the state updates. It will expect a response containing a list of vaults to re-vault (which may be empty).
```

#### Watchtower message

| Field                | Type                                             | Description                                               |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `method`             | string                                           | `new_block`                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `method`             | string                                           | The method's name, here "`new_block`".                                               |
```

| `blockheight`        | integer                                          | Current block height                                      |

> | `config`             | json object                                      | Configuration settings for the plugin                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `config`             | json object                                      | Plugin configuration. Empty if none was specified in `miradord`'s configuration file.                     |
```

| `block_info`         | [attempts overview resource](#attempts-overview) | An overview of the spending attempts at the current block |

##### Attempts overview 

An overview of the spending attempts at the current block.

| Field                 | Type                      | Description                       |
| --------------------- | ------------------------- | --------------------------------- |

> | `new_attempts`        | array of [Vault resource] | Outpoints of the vaults to cancel |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `new_attempts`        | array of [Vault resource] | Vaults that were just un-vaulted |
```

> | `successful_attempts` | array of string           | Outpoints of the spent vaults     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `successful_attempts` | array of string           | Outpoints vaults that were spent (defined as an Unvault being spent after the timelock expired).     |
```

| `revaulted_attempts`  | array of string           | Outpoints of the revaulted vaults |

##### Vault resource 

| Field              | Type    | Description                                  |
| ------------------ | ------- | -------------------------------------------- |

> | `value`            | integer | Amount of the vault in satoshis              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value`            | integer | Value of the vault in satoshis              |
```
